---
layout: default
title: v2.1.1
parent: Release Notes
---

# v.2.1.1

## Features and Enhancements

* Introduce a complete REST API
* Introduce tag rewriting. See [this page](https://docs.docintel.org/docs/admin/facets-and-tags/rewriting.html) for more details.
* Bump dependencies to their latest version, and migrates to .NET 7
* Small fixes in the WebApp User Interface
* Makes importers and scrapers code more robust
* Improves logging
* Merges Console and AdminConsole. Only one CLI to rule them all.
* Reduce memory footprint of services.

## Bugfixes

* Fixes issues with the deployment script `run.sh`.
* Fixes issue when creating a non-default classification.
* Fixes thumbnailer crashes when file is missing.
* Ignores proxy when none is defined.
* Fixes issues with nlog.config not copied, which is problematic on dev instances.
* Check for administrator role in base data, not any role.
* Avoid SolR commit and allow manual indexingy to not clear and commit.
* Allow users to configure DTD Processing policy.
* Fixes pagination in document search.
* Allow owner to customize delays for various services. See [documentation](https://docs.docintel.org/docs/admin/delays.html)
* Removes dependency and fixes issue when updating document.
* Fixes logic issue with checking right to discard/delete document.
* Fixes issues with PDF scraper.
* Fixes issues with chaining of scrapers.
* Ensure that documents are analyzed at startup if needed.
* Fixes issue with observable extraction with parenthesis.
      
## Improved Documentation

* Documents the API with ReDoc. Available at `https://YOURINSTNANCE/api-docs`
* Updates README.md and installation instructions

