---
layout: default
title: How DocIntel helps?
parent: Preface
nav_order: 2
---

# How can DocIntel help your organization?

A well-run knowledge management system can act as a guide for your business,
helping you to make better decisions and improve your operations. It can also
help you to manage and understand your threat intelligence data, so you can
stay ahead of the latest threats. In addition, a good knowledge management
system can improve communication and collaboration within your organization.

With DocIntel, your organziation can have a better understanding of what
threats are out there and how best to protect against them. Having knowledge
about past attacks is essential in order to prevent future ones from
succeeding. Additionally, by being able to quickly find relevant information
when needed, businesses can save time during incident response situations.

In short, DocIntel provides an efficient way for businesses to manage their
threat knowledge and stay ahead of potential threats.

## DocIntel helps you quickly find the information you need

Efficient search is important for cyber operations because it allows analysts
to quickly find the information they need and act on it. Time is of the essence
when it comes to cybersecurity, so anything that can help reduce the time
needed to gather data is a huge advantage.

When conducting an investigation or responding to a security incident, every
second counts. The faster you can locate relevant information, the better
equipped you'll be to mitigate the threat. Efficient search helps by allowing
you to filter through large volumes of data quickly and accurately.

Another benefit of efficient search is that it promotes collaboration. When
team members can easily find and share information, it enhances communication
and helps everyone work together more effectively.

Organizational efficiency is key to being able to foresee and react to future
threats. It provides quick and accurate access to the data needed to make
informed decisions, keeping your business safe and secure.

## DocIntel helps your team to be more efficient and productive

When you share threat knowledge throughout your organization effectively, you
can create a culture of improved efficiency and increase analysts'
satisfaction. An effective knowledge management system streamlines
organizational information so that it is accessible to everyone on the team.
Organizational efficiency is key to being able to foresee, prevent, and react
to future threats. It provides quick and accurate access to the data needed to
make informed decisions, keeping your business safe and secure. Ineffective
knowledge management can also have negative financial consequences and impact
analysts' satisfaction levels. Effective knowledge management has been shown to
save time, increase productivity, prevent mistakes, and create a more satisfied
workforce.

If you don't document and store threat knowledge, it results in wasted time,
lost productivity, repeated mistakes, and employee dissatisfaction. However,
effective Knowledge Management has noticeable benefits. For example

* When a cyber threat analyst can quickly find the information they need at the
  beginning of their new job, it allows them to be more productive and lessens
  the amount of time needed to fully understand all aspects of their work.
  Furthermore, analysts will produce better quality work.

* Having an efficient and centralized threat knowledge management system
  enables your employees to focus on more important tasks, rather than
  answering the same questions multiple times.

* By having access to threat knowledge that has been curated and organized by
  analysts, operation personnel can do their job more effectively. This also
  allows them to avoid repeating mistakes that have been made in the past, and
  learn from the success of others. For example, a blue team member can benefit
  from findings in a red team report.

## DocIntel helps your team focus on reliable information

When it comes to cybersecurity, making the wrong decision can have serious
consequences. That's why it's important to use reliable information when you're
assessing and responding to cyber threats. If you don't have access to accurate
data, you might end up making a mistake that could put you, your organization
or your partners in danger.

One of the dangers of relying on inaccurate information is that it can lead to
misinformed decisions. This could result in your team wasting valuable time and
resources chasing down threats that aren't real, or worse, missing genuine
threats altogether.

Another problem is that fake information can be used to deliberately mislead
people. This could be done by malicious actors to damage a company's reputation
or create chaos within an organization.

Your threat intelligence is only as good as your sources. You need to find
authoritative, useful, and reliable sources to provide pertinent insights. It's
important to have a system in place for tracking and assessing these sources of
threat knowledge.

In short, if you want to make sure your team is making informed and effective
decisions when it comes to cybersecurity, it's essential to use reliable
information. Otherwise, you're putting yourself and your organization at risk.

## DocIntel helps you to enforce access to information

In today's world, it's more important than ever for companies to come together
and share information about potential threats. By sharing threat information,
companies can better protect themselves and their employees. Trust is essential
in any relationship, and threat sharing is no different. When companies trust
each other, they're more likely to share information that could be vital to the
protection of their business. In a world where threats are constantly changing,
threat sharing is a crucial part of keeping businesses safe.

The more people who have access to sensitive information, the greater the risk
that it will be leaked. You need to be responsible for the information that was
shared with you and only share it with the right people. Mishandling threat
reports can erode trust and lead to mistrust. It is thus essential to carefully
consider who needs to have access to information and to limit access to only
those people.

## TLDR;

Information is power, and in the world of cybersecurity, it's more important
than ever to have access to accurate information. That's where DocIntel comes
in. DocIntel is a threat intelligence management system that helps you find,
track, and assess the reliability of information and its sources. This allows
your team to provide better, timely, relevant, and accurate products for more
informed decisions when it comes to defending your organization or your
partners against cyber threats. Additionally, DocIntel helps you enforce access
to information so that only the right people have access to sensitive data.
